add default configs for flutter go python and unity (#656)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/flutter/index.md

}
```

### Configuration

> Amplitude Flutter SDK runs on the top of the [Amplitude Android Mantaince SDK](../android/), [Amplitude iOS Mantaince SDK](../ios/) and [Amplitude JavaScript Mantaince SDK](../javascript/). The following are the Dart settable config options. For more configurations on Android side, please check the [Android Configuration](../android-kotlin/#configuration). For more configurations on iOS side, please check the [iOS configuration](../ios/#configuration). For more configurations on browser side, please check the [browser configuration](../javascript/#configuration).

Reviewer: ❤️

> Amplitude Flutter SDK runs on the top of the [Amplitude Android Mantaince SDK](../android/), [Amplitude iOS Mantaince SDK](../ios/) and [Amplitude JavaScript Mantaince SDK](../javascript/). The following are the Dart settable config options. For more configurations on Android side, please check the [Android Configuration](../android-kotlin/#configuration). For more configurations on iOS side, please check the [iOS configuration](../ios/#configuration). For more configurations on browser side, please check the [browser configuration](../javascript/#configuration).

Reviewer 2: Might be better it we use bullet list here for better format and readability: 

```suggestion
Amplitude Flutter SDK runs on the top of the [Amplitude Android Mantaince SDK](../android/), [Amplitude iOS Mantaince SDK](../ios/) and [Amplitude JavaScript Mantaince SDK](../javascript/). The following are the Dart settable config options.

For more configurations:

- on Android side, check the [Android Configuration](../android-kotlin/#configuration)
- on iOS side, check the [iOS configuration](../ios/#configuration)
- on browser side, please check the [browser configuration](../javascript/#configuration)```

Author: Good Idea.

???config "Configuration Options"
    | <div class="big-column">Name</div>  | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Author: Yea, both enableCoppaControl and disableCoppaControl are functions. there is no input required. If we have a boolean value here is also confusing.  Might have some words like `Default behavior is disabled coppa control`? What do you think? cc: @justin-fiedler @Mercy811

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Reviewer: This is similar to my [concern in the JRE PR](https://github.com/Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center/pull/634#discussion_r1124777482).

How about for all methods we include `()` in the name to call it out? e.g. `enableCoppaControl()`

For the default value I agree null is confusing. What about this?
```suggestion
    | `enableCoppaControl()` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| Coppa control is disabled by default |
    | `disableCoppaControl()` | Disable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| Coppa control is disabled by default |
```

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Reviewer 2: Love the way Justin does.

- use parentheses to indicate that they are functions
- explain that they are disabled by default

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Author: I have a fix in a later commit. I think you may miss it. I will make it a function like `enableCoppaControl()`. 
What's your opinion related to the setters having input parameters, like `setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis`?
 Maybe we can do `setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis(time)` or with a real example `setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis (10)`? Which do you think is better?

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Author: @justin-fiedler @Mercy811 @qingzhuozhen

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Reviewer 3: the time one may be better or you can leave it as I guess that's not too confusing. We could give examples in description if needed.

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Reviewer: My preference would be to include the parentheses without params and include an example of the exact usage.
```
| `setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis()` | `int`. The amount of time in milliseconds for session timeout if disable foreground tracking. For example, `Amplitude.getInstance().setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis(100000)`. | `5 minutes` |
```

>     | `enableCoppaControl` | Enable COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) restrictions on IDFA, IDFV, city, IP address and location tracking.| `null` |

Reviewer: Also for any time related parameters can you please explicitly call out the units (milliseconds, etc)?

    | `setMinTimeBetweenSessionsMillis` | `int`. The amount of time for session timeout if disable foreground tracking. | `5 minutes` |
    | `setEventUploadThreshold` | `int`. SDK will attempt to upload once unsent event count exceeds the event upload threshold or reach the 30 seconds. | `30` |
    | `setServerZone` | `String`. The server zone to send to, will adjust server url based on this config. | `US` |
    | `setServerUrl` | `String`. The API endpoint URL that events are sent to. Automatically selected by `ServerZone` | `https://api2.amplitude.com/` |
    | `setUseDynamicConfig` | `bool`. Find the best server url automatically based on users' geo location. | `false` |
    | `setOptOut` | `bool`. Opt the user out of tracking. | `false` |
    | `trackingSessionEvents` | `bool`. Flushing of unsent events on app close. | `false` |
    | `useAppSetIdForDeviceId` | Only for Android. Whether to use app ser id as device id on Android side. Need to include the module and permission. | By default, the deviceId will be UUID+"R" |
    
#### Configure batching behavior

> To support high performance environments, the SDK sends events in batches. Every event logged by `logEvent` method is queued in memory. Events are flushed in batch in background. You can customize batch behavior with `setEventUploadThreshold`. By default, the serverUrl will be `https://api2.amplitude.com/`. This SDK doesn't support batch mode, the [batch API](../../../analytics/apis/batch-event-upload-api.md) endpoint.

Reviewer 2: Can users use `setServerUrl` to batch API endpoint as setting to batch mode?

Author: I think we can. but there is no use of the batch method to auto-configure the endpoint to the batch API. I will re-phrase this.

}
```

### Configuration

Amplitude Flutter SDK runs on the top of the [Amplitude Android Mantaince SDK](../android/), [Amplitude iOS Mantaince SDK](../ios/) and [Amplitude JavaScript Mantaince SDK](../javascript/). The following are the Dart settable config options.
For more configurations:

> - on Android side, check the [Android Configuration](../android-kotlin/#configuration)

Reviewer 3: As we mention the configuration on other SDKs, I guess there is no good way in flutter to call these configurations? Maybe we can say for other default configurations or default behavior, they could refer there.
